Add metrics path in the Micrometer Prometheus OCP post (#1090)
quarkusio/quarkusio.github.io: _posts/2021-03-15-micrometer-prometheus-openshift.adoc

  endpoints:
  - interval: 30s
    targetPort: 8080
    path: /q/metrics
    scheme: http
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      app-with-metrics: 'quarkus-app'
----

> The path `/q/metrics` is the default metrics endpoint in Quarkus. We can configure it using the property `quarkus.micrometer.export.prometheus.path`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The path `/q/metrics` is the default metrics endpoint in Quarkus. 

We could configure the `/metrics` endpoint Prometheus expects in `application.properties` instead of adding the path attribute above using the following property: `quarkus.micrometer.export.prometheus.path=/metrics`.
```

Reviewer: Maybe this is too much.. your call. ;)
